Reverse ETL: dbt Cloud schedule limitation (#7235)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/setup.md

### dbt model
Use Segment's dbt extension to centralize model management and versioning. Users who set up a BigQuery, Databricks, Postgres, Redshift, or Snowflake source can use Segment's [dbt extension](/docs/segment-app/extensions/dbt/) to centralize model management and versioning, reduce redundancies, and run CI checks to prevent breaking changes. 

> > warning "Limitation"
> > Please be aware that if there are **5** mappings with a dbt Cloud schedule for a model, you will not be able to create additional mappings with the same dbt Cloud schedule type, regardless of the account or job selected. The limit applies per model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> success " "
> If you use dbt Cloud with Reverse ETL, you can [create up to 5 mappings](#step-4-create-mappings) that use the sync strategy **dbt Cloud**, which extracts data from your warehouse and syncs it with your destination after a job in dbt Cloud is complete. 
```
